

Voice: Years ago my job was to select the software that would replace our legacy business platform.
Video: Images sliding of Fox Pro Images

Voice: I'd looked at Oracle, Microsoft and SAP business platforms among others;
Video: Images of SAP, Oracle, etc

Voice: But something didn't clicked, the new software forced us to change our way of doing business, but our way is exactly what pulls us apart from the competition. If we changed: we would be adopting the standard way of hundreds of companies that use the same software; 

Voice: I realised that if we wanted to stay ahead, stay at #1. We had to build our own business platform; one that evolves with us; one that we can change and one that represents our culture and authenticity.


Voice: I arrived at a solution that's called a Private App Store; we got it so right. By thinking in terms of Apps, we managed to align business and technology.





Voice: I been dreaming about taking other companies along this path. I tried consulting but that doesn't work. Innovation is not about talking, is about doing.  So I got togheter an amazing team of developers, designers and entrepreneur and created 3VOT. The 3 Pivots of Innovation.

Voice: Software is not just about technology, is about people. So first we got trained in Innovation Management, taking the lead from Toyota's Lean Manufacturing and their Kanban Visual Process, joining Lean Startup Movement and applying that in the organisations where the App Store was running.

Voice: Results where incredible, we managed to further align business and technology; now in a two way conversation. The Teams have adopted metrics, and manage their process visually, sharing information with everyone along the the company and working togheter to solve problems and improve customer experiences. 

Voice: We have taken all that experience and knowledge and build the Future of Apps, finally a business platform that can be used by every company that want's to innovate. This platform is for leaders, we help them jump up a couple of steps in technology and in innovation management; working togheter as part of the team; until organisations are ready to manage an innovate with their own platform.


Voice: We are starting to roll out Business Platforms for a few customers at a time, if your are a leader: Reserve yours today it's free.



















































